Use a should_write callback method to let the caller decide what should and shouldn't get logged. (#1317)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: CHANGELOG.md

  - `AZ_LOG_IOT_RETRY`
  - `AZ_LOG_IOT_SAS_TOKEN`
  - `AZ_LOG_IOT_AZURERTOS`

> - Removed `AZ_LOG_END_OF_LIST` log classification and `az_log_set_classifications()` from `az_log.h`.

Reviewer: I would remove the "from az_log.h" part.

Author: Why? I prefer keeping it as it helps users know how they will be impacted and which header is being changed.

> - Renamed `az_log_set_callback()` to `az_log_set_message_callback()` and renamed the parameter from `az_log_message_callback` to `log_message_callback`.

Reviewer: Parameter names are not breaking changes.

### Bug Fixes

### Other Changes and Improvements

> - Added a `az_log_filter_fn` callback function along with a setter method `void az_log_set_classification_filter_callback(az_log_filter_fn message_filter_callback);`, allowing the caller to filter log messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `az_log_filter_fn` callback function type along with a setter `az_log_set_classification_filter_callback()`, allowing the caller to filter log messages.
```
